'''Dropbox for Plex''' is a browser channel which enables you to watch and hear your
media directly from the cloud.

Please keep in mind that this channel will '''not transcode''' any content. So you have to make sure
that the content is viewable on your devices. If Plex will support any transcoding of streamed
content in the future, this feature can be implemented afterwards.

=== Your decision ===
This channels supports the '''dropbox''' and '''sandbox''' mode from dropbox. The mode differs
from what this channel can access in your dropbox. '''dropbox''' mode is the god mode which
enables this channel to see all your files. If you'd like to jail this channel to a special
folder, you have to use the '''sandbox''' mode. You have to come to a decision when you'll
create an app within your '''own''' dropbox developer console.

=== Prepare your Dropbox account ===
To access the Dropbox api you have to supply special api keys. You'll get these keys by
creating a Dropbox application. This can be done right here:
https://www.dropbox.com/developers/apps

At this point you can configure the rights of this app. This is a practical way:
* Type of app: '''Dropbox API app'''
* Type of data: '''Files and datastores'''
* Limit to private folder: ''It's up to you''
* Optionally you can limit the app to a special filetype. But there's no need to.

=== Get an access token ===
After creating the Dropbox app you can see your '''App key''' and '''App secret'''.
With these informations you have to call a python script within the root directory
of this Plex channel.
 python getToken.py

=== Channel configuration ===
The getToken.py script gave you an access token which will be used within the
Plex channel configuration. You also have to select which mode you selected
when you've created your app: '''dropbox (public)''' or '''sandbox (private)''' mode.

'''Please secure you access token. NOBODY may know it! This token allows full access
to your configured dropbox space.'''

=== My last words ===
The current release of this channel allows you to watch videoclips. Browsing your
pictures and audio files is on my roadmap.

Have fun with this little goodie...

''Sascha Schmidt''
